bet certainty
big impoverished
big inconsiderable
big insignificant
big little
big miniature
big minute
big poor
big slight
big small
big teeny
big thin
big tiny
big unimportant
did abandon
did abstain
did bear
did begin
did commence
did destroy
did discourage
did dissuade
did fail
did forget
did give up
did halt
did hesitate
did idle
did ignore
did introduce
did lose
did miss
did neglect
did not finish
did prevent
did ruin
did start
did stop
event cessation
event idleness
event inactivity
event inertia
event repose
event rest
event stoppage
exhausted able
exhausted active
exhausted energized
exhausted firm
exhausted strong
fun boring
fun disagreeable
fun tiring
fun unfunny
fun unhappy
fun unpleasant
future distant
future past
grab be immune
grab free
grab give
grab let go
grab liberate
grab lose
grab misunderstand
grab offer
grab receive
grab release
had abandon
had avoid
had deny
had disallow
had dispossess
had dispute
had dodge
had drop
had exclude
had fail
had forfeit
had forsake
had free
had give
had lack
had let go
had lose
had miss
had misunderstand
had need
had neglect
had not have
had offer
had pass
had refuse
had reject
had release
had spend
had stop
had surrender
had throw away
had yield
hide lay bare
hide let go
hide open
hide release
hide reveal
hide uncover
hide unmask
hot arctic
hot cold
hot cool
hot dry
hot freezing
hot frigid
huge dwarfed
huge insignificant
huge limited
huge little
huge miniature
huge miniscule
huge minor
huge minute
huge narrow
huge poor
huge short
huge small
huge teeny
huge tiny
huge unimportant
investigate answer
investigate forget
investigate ignore
investigate neglect
investigate reply
lot whole
pest advantage
pest blessing
pest boon
pin detach
pin let go
pin loose
pin loosen
pin release
pin unfasten
predict ignore
problem advantage
problem agreement
problem assistance
problem blessing
problem help
problem peace
rot development
rot growth
rot improvement
top inferior
top poor
top secondary
top subordinate
top unimportant
wicked behaved
wicked clean
wicked decent
wicked friendly
wicked good
wicked kind
wicked moral
wicked nice
wicked obedient
wicked pleasant
analyze forget
analyze ignore
analyze neglect
clear cloudy
clear rainy
clear stormy
curious incurious
curious unconcerned
famous bad
famous common
famous contemptible
famous inconspicuous
famous ineffective
famous infamous
famous inferior
famous insignificant
famous little
famous low
famous normal
famous obscure
famous ordinary
famous poor
famous powerless
famous regular
famous small
famous stupid
famous typical
famous unimportant
famous unimpressive
famous unknown
famous unnoteworthy
famous unremarkable
famous usual
famous weak
frighten assist
frighten assure
frighten calm
frighten comfort
frighten delight
frighten embolden
frighten encourage
frighten expect
frighten hearten
frighten help
frighten inspirit
frighten make happy
frighten please
frighten soothe
frighten stimulate
frighten urge
land sky
past after
past current
past future
past later
past present
publish conceal
publish hide
publish secret
publish suppress
publish withhold
share whole
shiver be still
small adequate
small big
small fat
small great
small huge
small important
small large
small liberal
small rich
small significant
small substantial
small sufficient
small tall
small thick
small unlimited
small unrestricted
small wealthy
small wide
vanish coagulate
vanish improve
vanish solidify
arrange destroy
arrange disarrange
arrange disorder
attract bore
attract disenchant
attract disgust
attract disinterest
attract give up
attract refuse
attract reject
attract repel
attract repulse
attract shun
attract turn off
chill friendly
chill heated
chill hot
chill responsive
chill warm
defend abandon
defend aid
defend assist
defend desert
defend endanger
defend forget
defend give up
defend harm
defend help
defend hurt
defend ignore
defend injure
defend let go
defend lose
defend neglect
defend release
defend support
defend surrender
distant approachable
distant mingling
distant public
examine approve
examine forget
examine ignore
examine neglect
examine praise
explore find
explore neglect
fatal assisting
fatal blessed
fatal fortunate
fatal harmless
fatal healthy
fatal helpful
glide face
glide land
intelligent dark
intelligent dull
intelligent ignorant
intelligent normal
intelligent old
intelligent stupid
intelligent typical
intelligent unaware
intelligent uncreative
intelligent uneducated
intelligent unimaginative
intelligent unintelligent
intelligent uninventive
intelligent unreasonable
intelligent unresourceful
intelligent worn
kind aloof
kind antagonistic
kind cold
kind cool
kind cruel
kind disagreeable
kind discourteous
kind disliking
kind hard
kind harsh
kind hateful
kind inattentive
kind inconsiderate
kind indifferent
kind inhumane
kind mean
kind merciless
kind nasty
kind rough
kind rude
kind severe
kind thoughtless
kind uncaring
kind uncompassionate
kind unfeeling
kind unfriendly
kind unkind
kind unmindful
kind unsociable
kind unsympathetic
kind violent
light cloudy
light dark
light dull
light gloomy
light obscure
light unhappy
long ignorant
long little
long low
long short
long small
long soft
long unimportant
long weak
method disorganization
perform abstain
perform avoid
perform bear
perform cancel
perform cease
perform create
perform destroy
perform discontinue
perform dodge
perform fail
perform forget
perform give up
perform halt
perform idle
perform ignore
perform keep
perform lose
perform maintain
perform miss
perform neglect
perform stop
predict ignore
prose truth
revive bore
revive break
revive damage
revive depress
revive destroy
revive discourage
revive dishearten
revive dissuade
revive dull
revive hurt
revive kill
revive ruin
revive weaken
signal inconspicuous
signal insignificant
signal obscure
signal unimportant
signal unnoticeable
starve continue
starve do
unite disconnect
unite disjoin
unite divide
unite part
unite separate
calculate disregard
calculate estimate
calculate ignore
calculate neglect
conclude begin
conclude commence
conclude continue
conclude open
conclude start
content discontented
content unhappy
content unsatisfied
content upset
demonstrate conceal
demonstrate cover
demonstrate disprove
demonstrate hide
describe conceal
describe confuse
describe distort
describe hide
describe ignore
describe listen
describe misunderstand
describe suppress
desire apathy
desire disgust
desire disinterest
desire dislike
desire distaste
desire hate
desire hatred
desire indifference
desire satisfaction
develop decline
develop decrease
develop halt
develop lessen
develop retreat
develop retrogress
develop stop
develop stunt
essential auxiliary
essential extra
essential inessential
essential minor
essential needless
essential nonessential
essential optional
essential secondary
essential subordinate
essential trivial
essential unimportant
essential unnecessary
essential voluntary
flexible firm
flexible rigid
frantic balanced
frantic calm
frantic collected
frantic happy
frantic normal
frantic pleased
frantic sane
frequent broken
frequent ceasing
frequent ending
frequent inconstant
frequent infrequent
frequent interrupted
frequent irregular
frequent permanent
frequent uncommon
frequent unusual
furious calm
furious cheerful
furious gentle
furious happy
furious peaceful
indicate conceal
indicate deny
indicate hide
indicate lose
indicate refuse
indicate suppress
indicate veto
limp firm
limp hard
limp rigid
prefer dislike
prefer hate
prefer refuse
prefer reject
recognize deny
recognize forget
recognize ignore
recognize misinterpret
recognize miss
recognize misunderstand
recognize neglect
recognize overlook
recognize refuse
represent refuse
tradition ignorance
tradition truth
typical abnormal
typical different
typical eccentric
typical extraordinary
typical infrequent
typical irregular
typical rare
typical refined
typical uncommon
typical unusual
accomplish begin
accomplish commence
accomplish destroy
accomplish fail
accomplish forfeit
accomplish halt
accomplish introduce
accomplish leave
accomplish lose
accomplish miss
accomplish neglect
accomplish start
accomplish stop
anxious bold
anxious brave
anxious calm
anxious collected
anxious composed
anxious confident
anxious cool
anxious courageous
anxious happy
anxious inattentive
anxious quiet
anxious unafraid
anxious unconcerned
anxious unfearful
anxious unworried
argument agreement
argument harmony
argument peace
claim answer
claim reply
escalate decline
escalate decrease
escalate diminish
escalate drop
escalate fall
escalate halt
escalate lessen
escalate lower
escalate reduce
escalate slow
escalate slump
escalate stop
explain conceal
explain confuse
explain distort
explain hide
explain misrepresent
explain misunderstand
explain question
explain wonder
harsh bland
harsh bright
harsh calm
harsh cheerful
harsh easy
harsh facile
harsh flexible
harsh kind
harsh low
harsh mild
harsh moderate
harsh nice
harsh pleasant
harsh pliable
harsh pliant
harsh soft
harsh sunny
harsh yielding
imperative inessential
imperative insignificant
imperative nonessential
imperative optional
imperative trivial
imperative uncritical
imperative unimportant
imperative unnecessary
imperative voluntary
navigate neglect
source consequence
source effect
source end
source outcome
source outgrowth
source result
accumulate contract
accumulate decrease
accumulate diminish
accumulate disperse
accumulate divide
accumulate forfeit
accumulate lessen
accumulate lose
accumulate scatter
accumulate separate
accumulate shrink
accumulate spend
accumulate waste
adapt neglect
adapt refuse
adapt reject
adequate inadequate
adequate inappropriate
adequate incapable
adequate incompetent
adequate inept
adequate insufficient
adequate intolerable
adequate poor
adequate unable
adequate unacceptable
adequate unsatisfactory
adequate unsuitable
adopt deny
adopt disagree
adopt disallow
adopt disapprove
adopt discard
adopt let go
adopt neglect
adopt oppose
adopt refuse
adopt reject
adopt release
adopt renounce
adopt shun
anticipate doubt
consequence cause
consequence origin
consequence source
construct destroy
construct disarrange
construct disorder
construct disorganize
construct end
construct neglect
construct ruin
continuous broken
continuous discontinuous
continuous imbalanced
continuous intermittent
continuous unfixed
continuous unstable
continuous unsteady
continuous wobbly
deny OK
deny accept
deny allow
deny approve
deny ratify
deny sanction
deny support
discuss agree
discuss ignore
discuss neglect
drastic nice
efficient delicate
efficient fragile
efficient idle
efficient impotent
efficient inactive
efficient inadequate
efficient incapable
efficient incompetent
efficient ineffective
efficient inept
efficient lazy
efficient sluggish
efficient unable
efficient unskilled
efficient unskillful
efficient useless
efficient weak
efficient worthless
exaggerate compress
exaggerate contract
exaggerate decrease
exaggerate ignore
exaggerate lessen
exaggerate play down
excel fail
excel lose
massive common
massive dwarfed
massive inconsequential
massive insignificant
massive limited
massive little
massive miniature
massive miniscule
massive minor
massive minute
massive narrow
massive poor
massive short
massive slight
massive small
massive teeny
massive tiny
massive trivial
massive unimportant
massive unimposing
massive unimpressive
massive weak
monotonous bright
monotonous clear
monotonous eventful
monotonous exciting
monotonous interesting
monotonous light
monotonous lively
reinforce decrease
reinforce diminish
reinforce discourage
reinforce hinder
reinforce hurt
reinforce lessen
reinforce let down
reinforce play down
reinforce prevent
reinforce reduce
reinforce undermine
reinforce weaken
retrieve break
retrieve damage
retrieve destroy
retrieve endanger
retrieve harm
retrieve hurt
retrieve injure
retrieve lose
retrieve waste
rural metropolitan
rural urban
thesis fact
thesis proof
thesis reality
thesis truth
unique common
unique normal
unique ordinary
unique regular
unique usual
abrupt expected
abrupt lazy
abrupt slow
accelerate block
accelerate cease
accelerate check
accelerate delay
accelerate discourage
accelerate halt
accelerate hinder
accelerate slow
accelerate stop
acknowledge contradict
acknowledge decline
acknowledge deny
acknowledge disagree
acknowledge disapprove
acknowledge dispute
acknowledge oppose
acknowledge protest
acknowledge refuse
acknowledge reject
acknowledge renounce
acquire disperse
acquire divide
acquire fail
acquire forfeit
acquire give
acquire lose
acquire miss
acquire misunderstand
acquire pass
acquire scatter
acquire spend
acquire throw away
addict detractor
admonish allow
admonish compliment
admonish flatter
admonish laud
admonish permit
admonish praise
antagonize aid
antagonize calm
antagonize make happy
antagonize please
antagonize soothe
authentic corrupt
authentic doubtful
authentic false
authentic implausible
authentic improbable
authentic incredible
authentic invalid
authentic unlikely
authentic unreliable
authentic untrustworthy
bestow take
bewilder calm
bewilder clarify
bewilder clear up
bewilder comfort
bewilder enlighten
bewilder explain
bewilder explicate
bewilder help
bewilder soothe
commitment break
concur clash
concur disagree
confront avoid
confront dodge
confront evade
confront surrender
confront yield
consult ignore
consult neglect
counterfeit actual
counterfeit authentic
counterfeit factual
counterfeit genuine
counterfeit honest
counterfeit real
counterfeit sincere
counterfeit true
counterfeit truthful
counterfeit valid
deceitful actual
deceitful authentic
deceitful forthright
deceitful frank
deceitful genuine
deceitful honest
deceitful ingenuous
deceitful just
deceitful naive
deceitful open
deceitful real
deceitful reliable
deceitful sincere
deceitful truthful
deceitful upright
deceitful valid
deceive aid
deceive assist
deceive help
deceive protect
deceive support
devour build
devour create
exuberant apathetic
exuberant depressed
exuberant dispirited
exuberant down
exuberant dull
exuberant heavy
exuberant inactive
exuberant lazy
exuberant lethargic
exuberant sad
exuberant unenthusiastic
exuberant unexcited
exuberant unhappy
infuriate appease
infuriate calm
infuriate comfort
infuriate delight
infuriate help
infuriate make happy
infuriate placate
infuriate please
infuriate soothe
irate cheerful
irate happy
irate pleased
mellow harsh
mellow healthy
mellow rough
mellow strong
negligent attentive
obnoxious agreeable
obnoxious decent
obnoxious friendly
obnoxious good
obnoxious great
obnoxious kind
obnoxious lovable
obnoxious moral
obnoxious nice
obnoxious pleasant
obnoxious pleasing
obnoxious welcome
obnoxious wonderful
obscure clear
obscure common
obscure definite
obscure known
obscure obvious
obscure plain
obscure public
obscure straightforward
obscure unmysterious
toxic harmless
toxic healthy
toxic helpful
toxic kind
toxic wholesome
agile apathetic
agile depressed
agile dispirited
agile down
agile dull
agile ignorant
agile inactive
agile lazy
agile lethargic
agile lifeless
agile rigid
agile slow
agile sluggish
agile stiff
agile stupid
amiss proper
amiss suitable
anarchy calm
anarchy harmony
anarchy method
anarchy order
anarchy organization
anarchy peace
anarchy system
apprehend free
apprehend let go
apprehend liberate
apprehend release
assimilate exclude
assimilate misinterpret
assimilate mistake
assimilate misunderstand
audacious afraid
audacious careful
audacious cautious
audacious cowardly
audacious fearful
audacious meek
audacious shy
audacious timid
audacious weak
avid apathetic
avid cold
avid cool
avid disinterested
avid disloyal
avid dispassionate
avid dull
avid frigid
avid full
avid indifferent
avid quenched
avid satisfied
avid unenthusiastic
avid unexcited
bizarre common
bizarre commonplace
bizarre customary
bizarre familiar
bizarre normal
bizarre ordinary
bizarre reasonable
bizarre regular
bizarre sensible
bizarre serious
bizarre standard
bizarre usual
confiscate give
conscientious careless
conscientious indifferent
conscientious uncritical
conscientious undemanding
doctrine ambiguity
embark cease
embark end
embark finish
embark stop
endeavor idleness
endeavor inactivity
endeavor passivity
feasible disadvantageous
feasible implausible
feasible impossible
feasible impractical
feasible improper
feasible inappropriate
feasible unattainable
feasible unfeasible
feasible unfitting
feasible unhelpful
feasible unprofitable
feasible unreasonable
feasible unsuitable
feasible unworkable
feasible worthless
modify disarrange
modify disorder
modify remain
modify spoil
modify stay
modify unfit
neutral biased
neutral concerned
neutral decided
neutral interested
neutral involved
neutral prejudiced
profound light
profound open
profound superficial
profound trivial
profound unimportant
profound unintelligent
rebuke approval
rebuke encouragement
rebuke endorsement
rebuke exoneration
rebuke praise
rebuke sanction
spontaneous deliberate
spontaneous planned
subvert aid
subvert help
subvert improve
subvert purify
subvert straighten
succumb continue
succumb defend
succumb fight
tirade compliment
tirade praise
